Document policy for self-merging as a partner (#1998)
2i2c-org/infrastructure: docs/contributing/code-review.md

  make sure you push a PR with the change *and merge it quickly* to make sure that the changes
  are persisted across future deploys. Self merging is acceptable here, although this general
  class of changes should be limited as much as possible.
  

> ## Self-merging as a partner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Self-merging as a community partner
```

> In some cases, as part of our shared responsibility model, we have granted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, as part of our [shared responsibility model](https://docs.2i2c.org/en/latest/about/service/shared-responsibility.html), we grant
```

merge rights to partner engineers. Ideally, they would be only allowed to
merge PRs related to their own cluster - we currently do not have an automatic
way of enforcing this. 

They *may* self-merge if they want to, provided the following conditions are met:

1. They have cloud access to the cluster, and are confident of being able to either
   debug the issues that may arise from the *particular* change they are making,
   or be able to revert it.
2. The change *only* touches files inside the `config/clusters/<cluster-name>`
   directory for their cluster.
3. The change is fairly routine, and not a super novel configuration. This is hard
   to quantify, but here are some examples of *routine* changes:
   - Adding a new hub that looks exactly like other hubs in the cluster
   - Changing resources provided to the hub
   - Adding / removing admin users
   - Changing profile options available to the hub
   

>    Here are some examples of *novel* configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Here are some examples of *novel* configuration that requires approval from a 2i2c engineer before merging:
```

   - Adding python code to `hub.extraConfig` to enable new functionality, such as
     adding a postgres database to each user pod.

>    - Significant alterations to the shape of the user pod, such as setting

Reviewer: Is "shape" a well-known or standard term? I am not sure what it means but if it's common then no big deal

     `singleuser.extraContainers`.
   - Modifications to how NFS home directory storage is managed.
   

>    The goal here is that 2i2c is ultimately responsible for the configuration, so

Reviewer: What do you think about beginning with the goal / principle, and then describe the policy just after (so move this to the top). That way the rationale comes first, and we also force ourselves to keep it relatively short so it doesn't crowd out the policy :-)

  
## Self-merging as a community partner

As part of our [shared responsibility model](https://docs.2i2c.org/en/latest/about/service/shared-responsibility.html), we may grant merge rights to partner engineers.
This allows others to merge changes that impact their community's infrastructure without requiring intervention from a 2i2c engineer.

Merge rights are only given for partners with which we have built a relationship of trust, on a case-by-case basis.
2i2c ultimately retains responsibility for the configuration of this infrastructure and its configuration.

[See the `2i2c-org/collaborators` team](https://github.com/orgs/2i2c-org/teams/collaborators) for a list of sub-teams and individuals with write access to this repository.

### Guidelines for community partners

Our goal is to provide trusted communities the ability to more quickly make changes to their infrastructure in order to lead to a better, more collaborative service for their community.
However, merge rights are a big responsibility, so please be careful in your actions.

Community partners *may* self-merge if they want to, provided the following conditions are met:

> 1. **They are confident debugging any issues that arise from the issue**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. **They are confident debugging any issues that arise from the self-merge PR**.
```

   If any issues arise from your self-merge, **you are responsible for resolving them, or reverting the change**.
   You should understand the potential repurcussions of your change, and be ready to fix things if they break.
2. **They have access to their cloud cluster to debug changes**.
   Sometimes an issue requires intervention directly in the cloud infrastructure.
   Before self-merging, ensure that you are authorized and have login-access to this infrastructure.

> 3. **The change *only* touches files inside the `config/clusters/<cluster-name>` directory for their cluster.**

Reviewer 2: We should be able to have fine-grained access to their own files with [codeowners](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/customizing-your-repository/about-code-owners) in the future, right? For now, this advice is OK-ish.

Reviewer 3: No, all codeowners does is automatically requests reviews from those listed in the codeowners file https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/customizing-your-repository/about-code-owners#about-code-owners

Reviewer 2: Yeah, my previous sentence was a wish to have fine-grained permission through codeowners in the future...

Reviewer 3: I don't know if that is on GitHub's roadmap, but I don't believe it is achievable right now. It is only about assigning reviewers. So you _can_ assign specific reviewers to PRs that affect a specific filepath. But you _cannot_ grant _write access_ to only a certain filepath within the repo.

  
## Self-merging as a community partner

As part of our [shared responsibility model](https://docs.2i2c.org/en/latest/about/service/shared-responsibility.html), we may grant merge rights to partner engineers.
This allows others to merge changes that impact their community's infrastructure without requiring intervention from a 2i2c engineer.

Merge rights are only given for partners with which we have built a relationship of trust, on a case-by-case basis.
2i2c ultimately retains responsibility for the configuration of this infrastructure and its configuration.

[See the `2i2c-org/collaborators` team](https://github.com/orgs/2i2c-org/teams/collaborators) for a list of sub-teams and individuals with write access to this repository.

### Guidelines for community partners

Our goal is to provide trusted communities the ability to more quickly make changes to their infrastructure in order to lead to a better, more collaborative service for their community.

> However, merge rights it a big responsibility, so please be careful in your actions.

Reviewer: `is` a big responsibility 🤦 - but for some reason github isn't letting me suggest an edit 😕

Author: @choldgraf fixeed
